[Tracing] [.NET] Update default injection style (#17351)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/dotnet-core.md

- `DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_INJECT=Datadog, b3multi, tracecontext`
- `DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_EXTRACT=Datadog, b3multi, tracecontext`

> The environment variable values are comma-separated lists of header styles enabled for injection or extraction. If multiple extraction styles are enabled, the extraction attempt is completed in order of configured styles, and uses the first successful extracted value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variable values are comma-separated lists of header styles enabled for injection or extraction. If multiple extraction styles are enabled, the extraction attempt is completed in the order of configured styles, and uses the first successful extracted value.
```

> The environment variable values are comma-separated lists of header styles enabled for injection or extraction. If multiple extraction styles are enabled, the extraction attempt is completed in the order of configured styles, and uses the first successful extracted value.

Reviewer 2: While you're here, in the list of styles above, perhaps we could move the tracecontext to the top of the list that way it highlights that we're placing the most importance on that one? And in the example above, we could move tracecontext to the front so it looks like the default style + b3multi?

> From verion 2.22.0, the default injection style is `tracecontext, Datadog`, so the W3C context is used preferentially, followed by the Datadog headers. Prior to version 2.22.0, only the `Datadog` injection style is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 2.22.0, the default injection style is `tracecontext, Datadog`, so the W3C context is used, followed by the Datadog headers. Prior to version 2.22.0, only the `Datadog` injection style is enabled.
```
